we heard a mess around this is our
chance to do what we've all
doing a whole lot himeko I'm not sure
China big round and we are linking Brits
[Music]
my friend our cousin we've known each
other our lives and met these two
nothing hey Louise like teenagers but we
are like brothers you can't cross one of
us you're gonna have a problem
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
hi guys so who are you
Lincoln bridge okay can you tell me your
names please
I'm echo mantri Davis okay
I'm Sean China lacy big world I can see
that and how long was this creamed
together for a little bit of time we've
been hearing their you know breaking off
when we was kids we kind of met yeah so
why have you entered the show America's
Got Talent
I don't know Amanda's do right here and
he's just a big dreamer and because of
his huge dreams we got together man good
luck thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
I heard was
to somewhere
[Applause]
[Music]
someday
where troubles melt like lemon drops
away above the chimney top as well
[Music]
[Applause]
the
[Music]
why no why
[Applause]
welcome to America's Got Talent's thank
you
what's your name and where you're from
my name is Brian Justin Crum and I'm
from San Diego and how old are you I'm
so what's the dream why America's Got
Talent I want to be a singer
great and who you here with my mom's up
there hi mom my mom being here is
everything to me I had a lot of hard
times when I was a kid and she's been a
huge supporter for me
well Brian good luck and enjoy yourself
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
each
I spend all my believing you but I just
can't
[Music]
[Applause]
money
start to pray to the tears one time
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
everybody wants to put me down I'm good
[Applause]
[Music]
hello hi what's your name my name is
Callie bevj hi Kelly and where you from
I'm from a really small town in Ohio
it's called gun Rapids and how old are
you I'm 16 years old 16 years old yeah
Wow and what it what is your dream
my dream is to win America's Got Talent
as a singer yes who do you compare
yourself to I don't compare myself to
any Hawaiian I that's good
as Simon always says he looks for
somebody who's original
somebody who we can hear something we've
never heard before is that what we're
about to hear hopefully yes I hope so
too I like the whole look it's like a
little Audrey Hepburn um my hair wasn't
really like my choice um I'm a survivor
of stage 3 ovarian cancer no I kind of
came here today to show people that no
matter what you've gone through to keep
chasing your dreams or what a great
message Wow you're an inspiration we
can't wait to hear you
like a small boat on the ocean sending
big waves into motion like how a single
word can make a heart oh I might only
have one match I can make an explosion
and all those things I didn't say
wrecking balls inside my brain I will
scream them loud tonight can you hear my
voice this time this is my fight song
Take Back my life
[Applause]
[Music]
like a small boat on the ocean sending
big guys it's a motion like how a single
word can make a heart open I might only
have one match but I can make an
explosion
[Applause]
you know you have gone through an
obstacle far greater than anybody much
older than you could even imagine going
through and then you come to this point
and you make choices and you made the
choice of singing that song and that's
your fight song yeah and it was so
heartfelt and so inspirational I just
want to say thank you thank you so much
it was amazing
your tones and the way that you fell off
the note was just on point couldn't have
gone any better for you I don't think
you do have a beautiful voice and I
can't believe they only 16 years old I
mean it's incredible well done thank you
it's just I love everything about you so
much just you know what I just had this
feeling when you walked I can't explain
it just your spirit
the choice of song your voice I think
you're really special I've just got this
really incredible feeling about you I
really do I think everyone in this room
felt it and I think that look you were
nervous I could hear that but you know
get past this stage I predict great
things are gonna happen for you there's
something about you
so I'm gonna do this
[Applause]
so to go back
young lady what is your name grace grace
you're a beautiful young lady you know
that thank you
how old are you twelve are you excited
to be here what are you gonna sing I'm
singing an original really yes what's it
about it's about me and other people at
school behind you supporting you most my
friends don't really know I sing so they
don't know you're here no you believe
that you can win well I mean miracles
can happen so possibly yeah stage is
yours
I don't play by the rules
[Music]
to
trying to be found
I don't play by the rules of the game
sorry play I'm destroying
yes
[Music]
to find my way
No
this is a show about surprises and you
use the word miracle and I think you are
a living beautiful walking your original
the people not knowing your name is so
right and so wrong because I think the
world is gonna know your name I think
[Applause]
[Music]
you know what I predict for you I think
you are the next Taylor Swift
[Applause]
today Jamie getting ready makeup
great personality
I'm a cow make a prediction that you're
the next Taylor Swift can I get your
autograph so you think you've got a star
now 100% there we go - stop wow this
girl is special
hi sweetheart who are you my name is
Jana Brown and how'd you get it
I'm 14 oh and Jana who is to personally
look up to much my mom really yeah baby
out there and Jana what are you gonna
sing I'm going to be singing summertime
great film good luck
I think she's gonna be
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
ha
[Laughter]
[Music]
you spread a little way
then you take to the sky
[Music]
[Applause]
my name is Jimmy rose I'm 32 year old
from Pineville Kentucky my hands are
sweaty people drive I've been singing
since I've been a kid but it's just
nothing that you would want to go after
where I'm from because it seems so
unachievable you believe that the people
here Wow where I'm from it's such a
small town
it's either of coal mines the military
or you go to college so I dug straight
into the colon I was 18 year old I
graduate high school I went straight
underground four days after I graduated
it's it's such a hard life and it's
dangerous it kind of made me think if
you're gonna risk your life and risk
your free country you know it's it's
more than worth it cool I learned
actually how to play guitar on the
Marine Corps
[Music]
and when you get a shot at you look at
things a lot different and you look at
life a lot and to make you home from
something like that I feel fortunate to
be able to chase my dream you see your
mom and you I seem to come up to the
left where the out in the poster I don't
want to be the one when I'm savvy
eight-year-old to say you know what
would happen if I were to try to chase
that hearing suppose my stick around it
looks coming off with him I want to be
the one that says I chased it get out
there give it to all right all right
have a good time
[Applause]
hi howdy What's in him my name is Jimmy
rose are you a little bit nervous today
a little bit but that's what it's all
about right yes where are you from I'm
from Pineville Kentucky I'm a 4-year
United States Marine Corps veteran what
do you do I'm a former coal miner back
home my hometown that is a very
dangerous job yeah yes ma'am it is you
know I worked on the ground and all my
friends and family back home you know
our coal miners and I'm gonna be singing
in an original song called coal keeps
the lights on it's just kind of my way
getting behind the song supporting my my
hometown well I can't wait to hear your
song hope y'all enjoy he promised a
shield
mama still sleeping kids still crash
down through crowds
[Music]
he goes in through the back door he
owned more wake up Sony wives a coal
dust on his knees and he eats his knees
[Music]
thank you for everything
Ropin and a strength you me make it day
by day
Oh my hotel spoon
now our song truck can a son trace hold
my baby girl
Oh keep some bills money clothes on the
backs and shoes on the baby in high
school halls of a mammal lions and the
Bell County Bobcats all of you
I hope I can sling a cold couple hats
[Music]
Oh
first of all I have to say thank you for
your service you're welcome
where did you serve yes sir I was in
Iraq in 2005 my last deployment Wow
as far as country artists you have a
great country voice sound and heart and
I think you are great thank you very
much that was a damn good song I think
your voice is very very strong and as a
programmer of radio stations I would
have added your record and put it on the
air that's how strongly I feel thank you
sir
god bless very natural voice is very
strong I am right that we hide it you
have a great voice thank you
I think it's time to vote
I'm gonna say yes
[Applause]
I really need you to be a part of this
competition I think you're what we're
looking for it's a big old yes from me
thank you sir
and it's a big old yes for me too
[Applause]
[Music]
I didn't think he was gonna be good I
thought he was a goofy
this is like now you gotta celebrate
[Music]
[Applause]
what is your name Justin Rhodes
and what is your talent from the singer
piano player I started playing piano
when I was three years old my dad sat me
down and that was the beginning of music
for me my parents loved that I played
music but didn't necessarily want that
to be my career but I decided to move
away from my family in Buffalo move out
to New York City to pursue music it has
not been an easy road I was playing bars
and clubs where people were out to party
and it quickly became what would be my
undoing you know drinks after work which
led to drugs it was the darkest time of
my life my dad's a man of few words but
I could tell that I disappointed him as
his only son I was ashamed I was
embarrassed I was worthless like my dad
hasn't seen me perform since I was a kid
that's crazy
[Music]
now she's getting older and has a tough
time getting around I was scared that I
would end up never seeing me perform
this competition isn't just about me
succeeding it's about proving to my dad
that I am worth something in that honor
this is what I was meant to do
[Music]
[Applause]
how are you I'm very well how are you
very good what's your name
Justin Rhodes what will you be doing for
us today I'll be singing wake me up by
Avicii today or you have anyone
supporting you today my dad's here today
always trouble with you
no my dad has never really seen me
performance and adults is the first time
he's seeing me on a stage why has your
father never seen you perform before it
sounds strange to me I live in Florida
now and he lives up in Buffalo and it's
get a little harder for him to get
around well enjoy this moment thank you
very much
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow I really love listening to your
voice you took me on your journey I
really really liked it
I think you're very special your voice
has a certain tone to it it's sexy
you're sexy
[Applause]
she's fishing taxi these two will take
you home believe me
dear Justin I agree with the other
judges I think you have a beautiful tone
to your voice you know you are able to
come out here and convey something
through your song and I'd love to hear
more what did you think I'll tell you
what I thought you know I'm a comedian
and I'm a husband but first and foremost
I'm a father and you said that your
father's having a tough time right now
getting around and it's a miracle that
he can be here in witness his son's life
blossom in front of America you did
something right sir and you should be
very proud you know I'm a little choked
up to watch this but you did phenomenal
and I'm proud of you and you're not my
son thank you so much thank you I'm a
very exuberant yet
Oh
you know I'm gonna I'm gonna vote for
your father what do you think he would
say I don't know what does he say what
do you say sir yeah
[Applause]
and I knew who you have it today your
mum Milan my dad yes okay good luck okay
[Applause]
[Music]
can you make a goes down that far Suika
Suika let me stop
let you Donnie oh we drifted
[Music]
now stand a chance when I hold your sin
is we have naturally
goes way
[Applause]
can you let me go
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't good what is your name my name
is Sal Valentin Eddie I'm from Long
Island New York I came here to sing
today and what do you do in New York I
deliver pizzas for my cousin's place
okay you have a wife along 20 I'm too
young
oh you're 20 years old wow you have a
girlfriend Heidi cool my you don't even
to the show so I want to make something
of myself I want to bring back like
those Dean Martin style roasts yeah I
want to have fun I was at 20 year old
get interested in these kind of Dean
Martin kind of that's grandmother she
ended up passing away and the music was
all I had to remember our bodies the
Italian families our matriarch so it's
most important my beautiful mother was
in here tonight somewhere and you know
what my mother is everything to me guys
okay well are you gonna be our our
entertainment
now I'm gonna entertain you like you
never been at the team before
as a matter of fact I didn't come here
to try out I came here to win
I like that so good luck thank you very
much let's go let's go sell a let's go
south
and now
the end is near and so I face the final
curtain my friend
I'll say it clear I'll state my case of
which I am certain I've lived this life
that's full I traveled each and every
Highway and more much more than this I
did it my
wait let me tell you what is a man what
has he got
[Music]
if my himself he has not
[Applause]
Simon I'd sell
when you want to sing this kind of music
you can't fake it
it's either in you or it's gone you're
an old soul yeah I'm guessing right now
your grandmother's looking down at you
and she probably is saying yeah he did
it his way I could feel thank you
like even give you a big storm up here
[Applause]
but thanks getting better and better
what are we feeling over here you know
this hangout here I'm feeling sugar and
spice and everything nice how you doing
you have such power and such control and
searched on that was his flawless
[Applause]
just love the way she loves the way was
the way of saying hi there
I love the way you look tonight
how let me let me let me Joey yes go
ahead
what are we feeling Sal the truth is you
really are a good-hearted lovable guy
who has a real talent I'm giving you
your first resounding yes
[Applause]
Heidi do you want to know how I feel
about you do you tell me I tell you
right
[Applause]
[Music]
how do you feel your course
the rest of my life
[Applause]
this Chloe 11 years old I'm from
Pensacola Florida I'm not such a girly
girl kind of I kind of like getting my
hair done and makeup I rather go outside
and play how are you I'm very good thank
you
now how old you I'm 11 you're 11 years
old now have you performed before in
front of audiences
I sing everywhere what are you gonna be
singing for us today all-american girl
by Carrie Underwood you gotta know this
now if you was to win the million
dollars what would you do with it well I
get a new hunting camp it's real like
you get big bucks but you can't shoot
like babies like Bambi babies you have
to shoot the orange oh I'm a big old
buck have you ever shot a big old buck
not yet but I will
okay Chloe well I can't wait to hear you
singing I'm sure everybody else can't
wait so
[Applause]
[Music]
I had to actually I had to actually
remind myself but you're only 11 years
old
thanks and good you can sing you can
really say thank you I believe that you
young lady have a career ahead of you
you're going to be able to afford guns
and tents animals any little girl could
ever hope for
[Applause]
you know I'm known as the mean judge I
talk honestly to kids like you so I feel
comfortable we've known each other long
enough that I can talk to you and you
know I do sometimes think that someone
starts out a little too young that they
need time to mature to sit home and
really think about their act I've seen
children cry when they hear now
in your case we don't have to find out I
thought you're terrific
I do anything what I wonder has a child
ever won on America's Got Talent
yes Oh No season 1 season 1 season 1
that's a long time ago
so I think it's about time again right
it's yes
I'm gonna say yes
for me in behalf of my whole family it's
a yes